All right so on the last video we were able to make sure that this forum was working up to a couple
of tries of not having coffee.
We made this happen.
All right.
But anyways so let's go ahead and finish up and try to get some data in our database.
So now that we have some data coming in.
Let's go ahead and the first thing that we need is to get the post.
Actually we need to get this post ID right here.
Let's get that right here.
So if we said we need to get that right from the you r l and
let's do some inserting First we need to get all the post data out.
So let's go ahead and post and what are the features that we're sending we're sending the full comment.
Walter if I can get it right I got some coffee now so I'm more active for you guys.
So comment out there you see that.
I'm even faster.
Let's get some more let's get some more.
All right.
So
that's so we get a coming order.
The common e-mail comment can't
own this
e-mail and the content.
All right.
So you know exactly what we're doing right.
When we submit this when we click on this button right here.
This summit we're going to get all these data from all of these input fields.
Right.
We got the names right here coming out there.
Come and e-mail come comment content.
We've got to get all that.
Actually three parts of that data and we get into posts ID from day you r l in that get super global.
All right.
That is in there you are l right now.
Next bar is making the Querrey.
So let's do that right now.
So the Querrey that we will be making is an insert insert into Querrey.
Remember that we've got two parts to insert two.
And of course we're going to send it to the database.
But insert into what what is the table number.
You can pause it and think about it.
Comments.
And here we have like a parenthesis like this.
When we got to insert all the columns where we we're going to be starting to say that too.
So the first up column that we will be inserting is comment.
All right.
That's a matter of fact.
Let me see something.
I mean I don't remember the common data impulse ID because I want to relate this to a post.
All right.
So let's do that right now as a matter of fact come and post ID and put all the way to the site so you
can see it.
And I make a little smaller.
So I got a little more room.
You should know what I'm doing right now.
I'm putting all the columns there that we need some information in.
So the comment post ID we are also submitting the comment date
going order by the way.
But I come in post Id come in oh let's going order order or.
Or e-mail content status e-mail content.
And I know I know what I'm doing and status.
All right.
So we're going to add this little thing here because I see I tell you I got my coffee
status and date all right.
I am indeed.
All right we're going to submit all this information of course we're not going to be getting all this
information in from here.
All right.
We're now going to be doing that
actually the status Yeah we can we can start it is going to be a static value meaning that there's a
value there's not going to be dynamic from here.
We're going to be able to change it in our database in our in our admin.
All right.
So we're going to do another query and make sure that you concatenate this with a dot notation there
and an assignment operator and this is just going to have the values and these values are coming in
and our corporate folks comment post ID how where are we going to be getting these ID from.
Do you know where from.
Well we got to pull ID right here when I get it from here.
Right.
And we don't even we don't even need to put little
quotes around that.
All right.
Coming up we are getting there from here.
Perfect.
And this one we need to put the chords in the brackets just fine just to distinguish it.
Whoops that was just really bad there.
And I want to make this one too bad so I'm going to try to Hariya guys from this.
E-mail
right there.
It is one out there boom.
Let's get the content.
Can
we go get the status and he's going to be static.
The start is going to be on a pool on a pool that's going to be the status right there and that's going
to be something that we are sending right now from here in the coming day.
Of course it's going to be the function.
And we sent here the now function.
Yeah that's fine.
All right.
Perfect.
So we don't we're going to cut it off and I'll see you in the next lecture there.
Well we are going to be finishing this off and finally sending some data in.
Right.
Thank you so much for watching.
See you in the next one.